client/README.md, before:

# EigenTrust Protocol

This crate is an implementation of the EigenTrust Protocol. It's intended use is either as a library for other implementations or as a standalone implementation.

## Requirements

- Rust: To install, follow the instructions found [here](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).
- Solidity Compiler: To install, follow the instructions found [here](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.9/installing-solidity.html).
- Anvil: CLI tool for running a local EVM blockchain. Follow these steps to install Anvil from source:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry
cd foundry
cargo install --path ./anvil --bins --locked --force
```

## Getting Started

If you want to use a local EVM blockchain, the first step is to spin up Anvil by running the `anvil` command:

```bash
anvil
```

Otherwise you should configure the `node_url` data field of the `client-config.json` file in the `data` directory to point to the correct Ethereum node. There's more about this in the configuration section.

Open a new terminal to start interacting with the client through the CLI. The first step is to compile and deploy the contracts that the protocol is going to use to submit and verify the scores . This is done by running the following commands:

```bash
cd ../client
cargo run --release -- compile
cargo run --release -- deploy
```

The next step is submitting an attestation to a peer in the network. Attestations allow us to give a score to a peer and store that in the blockchain. This is done by running the `attest` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- attest --to 0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8 --score 5
```

It's now possible to fetch the peer-to-peer scores (from attestations), calculate the global scores and generate a proof. This is done by running the `proof` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- proof
```

This command will generate a proof and store it in the `data` directory. The final step is to verify it using the `verify` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- verify
```

## CLI

The command-line interface was built using [clap.rs](http://clap.rs/). There is a command description in the help menu, which can be opened passing `-h`. It also provides the following command options:

- `attest`: Submits an attestation. Takes the following options:
  - `--to`: Specify the attested address.
  - `--score`: Specify the given score (between 0 and 255).
  - `--message`: Specify an optional 32-byte message in hexadecimal format.
- `bandada`: Used to manage Semaphore groups using the Bandada API. It is designed to either add participants to a group or remove them from it. Before executing this command, you should run the `scores` command to ensure having participants' scores. Please note that when adding a participant, the command checks if their score is above the defined bandada group threshold, and only then proceeds with the addition. It requires the following options:
  - `--action (add | remove)`: This option defines the action to perform. You can choose to `add` a new member to a group or `remove` an existing member from it.
  - `--group`: Specifies the Bandada group ID. You should create this group ID in advance through the Bandada dashboard.
  - `--ic`: Provides the identity commitment of the participant you intend to add or remove from the group.
  - `--addr`: Specifies the participant's Ethereum address.
- `compile`: Compiles all the `.sol` and `.yul` contracts available in the `data` folder. For `.sol` contracts, it generates an ABI JSON file and a Rust binding file. For `.yul` smart contracts, it compiles Yul code into binary.
- `deploy`: Deploys all the contracts.
- `proof`: Calculates the global scores, generates the zk proof and stores it in `et-proof.json` at the `data` directory.
- `scores`: Calculates the global scores and stores them in the `scores.csv` file within the data directory.
- `show`: Displays the `client-config.json` file.
- `update`: Updates the specified field in `client-config.json`. Takes the following options:
  - `--as-address`: Updates the address of the AttestationStation contract.
  - `--domain`: Updates the domain identifier.
  - `--bandada-th`: Updates the bandada group score threshold.
  - `--node`: Updates the Ethereum node URL.
  - `--verifier`: Updates the address of the Verifier smart contract for the EigenTrust global scores zk proof.
- `verify`: Verifies the latest zk proof generated by the `proof` command.

### Example of `update` command

```bash
cargo run --release -- update --node http://localhost:8545
```

### Example of `attest` command

```bash
cargo run --release -- attest --to 0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8 --score 5 --message 0x473fe1d0de78c8f334d059013d902c13c8b53eb0f669caa9cad677ce1a601167
```

### Example of `bandada` command

```bash
bandada --action add --group 38922764296632428858395574229367 --ic 82918723982 --addr 0xf39fd6e51aad88f6f4ce6ab8827279cfffb92266
```

## Configuration

The configuration file is stored in `data/client-config.json`. You may need to update these parameters if, for example, the smart contracts are redeployed to new addresses or if you want to connect to a different Ethereum node. You can modify the following parameters:

- `as_address`: AttestationStation smart contract address. This is the contract that will receive the attestations.
- `mnemonic`: Ethereum wallet mnemonic phrase.
- `bandada_th`: Bandada group score threshold. This is the minimum score required to be added to a bandada group.
- `node_url`: URL of the Ethereum node we are connecting to. The default is `http://localhost:8545` to work with a local `anvil` EVM blockchain.
- `verifier_address`: Verifier smart contract for the EigenTrust global scores zk proof.

These parameters can also be modified using the `update` CLI command.

## Environment Configuration

You can customize some settings through environment variables:

- `MNEMONIC`: Your Ethereum wallet's mnemonic phrase.
- `BANDADA_API_KEY`: The Bandada API key.

We've provided a template for these variables in a file named `.env.origin`. You can create a copy of this file and rename it to `.env`:

```bash
cp .env.origin .env
```

Next, edit the `.env` file and replace the placeholder values with your actual ones:

```bash
MNEMONIC="your mnemonic phrase"
BANDADA_API_KEY="your bandada api key"
```

It's also possible to include _only_ the ones you want to override.

Commit message:

fix: add group id to client config

client/README.md, after:

# EigenTrust Protocol

This crate is an implementation of the EigenTrust Protocol. It's intended use is either as a library for other implementations or as a standalone implementation.

## Requirements

- Rust: To install, follow the instructions found [here](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).
- Solidity Compiler: To install, follow the instructions found [here](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.9/installing-solidity.html).
- Anvil: CLI tool for running a local EVM blockchain. Follow these steps to install Anvil from source:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry
cd foundry
cargo install --path ./anvil --bins --locked --force
```

## Getting Started

If you want to use a local EVM blockchain, the first step is to spin up Anvil by running the `anvil` command:

```bash
anvil
```

Otherwise you should configure the `node_url` data field of the `client-config.json` file in the `data` directory to point to the correct Ethereum node. There's more about this in the configuration section.

Open a new terminal to start interacting with the client through the CLI. The first step is to compile and deploy the contracts that the protocol is going to use to submit and verify the scores . This is done by running the following commands:

```bash
cd ../client
cargo run --release -- compile
cargo run --release -- deploy
```

The next step is submitting an attestation to a peer in the network. Attestations allow us to give a score to a peer and store that in the blockchain. This is done by running the `attest` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- attest --to 0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8 --score 5
```

It's now possible to fetch the peer-to-peer scores (from attestations), calculate the global scores and generate a proof. This is done by running the `proof` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- proof
```

This command will generate a proof and store it in the `data` directory. The final step is to verify it using the `verify` command:

```bash
cargo run --release -- verify
```

## CLI

The command-line interface was built using [clap.rs](http://clap.rs/). There is a command description in the help menu, which can be opened passing `-h`. It also provides the following command options:

- `attest`: Submits an attestation. Takes the following options:
  - `--to`: Specify the attested address.
  - `--score`: Specify the given score (between 0 and 255).
  - `--message`: Specify an optional 32-byte message in hexadecimal format.
- `bandada`: Used to manage Semaphore groups using the Bandada API. It is designed to either add participants to a group or remove them from it. Before executing this command, you should run the `scores` command to ensure having participants' scores, and to setup the `band-id` and `band-th` in the client configuration . Please note that when adding a participant, the command checks if their score is above the defined bandada group threshold, and only then proceeds with the addition. It requires the following options:
  - `--action (add | remove)`: Defines the action to perform. You can choose to `add` a new member to a group or `remove` an existing member from it.
  - `--ic`: Provides the identity commitment of the participant you intend to add or remove from the group.
  - `--addr`: Specifies the participant's Ethereum address.
- `compile`: Compiles all the `.sol` and `.yul` contracts available in the `data` folder. For `.sol` contracts, it generates an ABI JSON file and a Rust binding file. For `.yul` smart contracts, it compiles Yul code into binary.
- `deploy`: Deploys all the contracts.
- `proof`: Calculates the global scores, generates the zk proof and stores it in `et-proof.json` at the `data` directory.
- `scores`: Calculates the global scores and stores them in the `scores.csv` file within the data directory.
- `show`: Displays the `client-config.json` file.
- `update`: Updates the specified field in `client-config.json`. Takes the following options:
  - `--as-address`: Updates the address of the AttestationStation contract.
  - `--domain`: Updates the domain identifier.
  - `--band-id`: Updates the bandada group id.
  - `--band-th`: Updates the bandada group score threshold.
  - `--node`: Updates the Ethereum node URL.
  - `--verifier`: Updates the address of the Verifier smart contract for the EigenTrust global scores zk proof.
- `verify`: Verifies the latest zk proof generated by the `proof` command.

### Example of `update` command

```bash
cargo run --release -- update --node http://localhost:8545
```

### Example of `attest` command

```bash
cargo run --release -- attest --to 0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8 --score 5 --message 0x473fe1d0de78c8f334d059013d902c13c8b53eb0f669caa9cad677ce1a601167
```

### Example of `bandada` command

```bash
cargo run --release -- scores
cargo run --release -- update --band-id 38922764296632428858395574229367 --band-th 500
cargo run --release -- bandada --action add --ic 82918723982 --addr 0xf39fd6e51aad88f6f4ce6ab8827279cfffb92266
```

## Configuration

The configuration file is stored in `data/client-config.json`. You may need to update these parameters if, for example, the smart contracts are redeployed to new addresses or if you want to connect to a different Ethereum node. You can modify the following parameters:

- `as_address`: AttestationStation smart contract address. This is the contract that will receive the attestations.
- `mnemonic`: Ethereum wallet mnemonic phrase.
- `band_id`: Bandada group id.
- `band_th`: Bandada group score threshold. This is the minimum score required to be added to a bandada group.
- `node_url`: URL of the Ethereum node we are connecting to. The default is `http://localhost:8545` to work with a local `anvil` EVM blockchain.
- `verifier_address`: Verifier smart contract for the EigenTrust global scores zk proof.

These parameters can also be modified using the `update` CLI command.

## Environment Configuration

You can customize some settings through environment variables:

- `MNEMONIC`: Your Ethereum wallet's mnemonic phrase.
- `BANDADA_API_KEY`: The Bandada group API key.

We've provided a template for these variables in a file named `.env.origin`. You can create a copy of this file and rename it to `.env`:

```bash
cp .env.origin .env
```

Next, edit the `.env` file and replace the placeholder values with your actual ones:

```bash
MNEMONIC="your mnemonic phrase"
BANDADA_API_KEY="your bandada group api key"
```

It's also possible to include _only_ the ones you want to override.
